It's okay, Dad still has pay
Big brother and sister-in-law
Aren't you going to go away?
Urgent toll
Take a look.
Can you settle my wages first?
What is your daughter reading?
Ant Cancel
It's a garbage shelter.
It's not my son's seed school.
There's a fart preselection
That's my son.
That's 330 kilos.
Just selected to participate in the competition
How many catties can Zhao Ruolan lift?
And I competed.
He's in the game, who believes it?
Hmph, Zhao Ruolan
Must be trying to cheat you of 3,000 yuan
Then take the money and raise the little white face
I don't agree with this money
Big brother and sister-in-law
I still want Ruolan to go out and see
What are you seeing?
When you couldn't carry the champion, you lost to Xiao Lian
Lost the face of our ancestors
Now you want your daughter
Are you losing your ancestors' face again, big brother?
Even if I beg you
Get out of the way, what a disgrace
I'm not qualified to save my brother and uncle
My dad works for you
You should have been paid
Forget it if you don't pay now
Why are you still bullying my dad?
Why are you poor?
Just because your father is a little day defeated
He was also robbed of his wife's wimp by Xiaodi
Useless thing